Mr. Ji, please take a look at this file.
Yeah, something else.
Actually, I haven't thanked you properly for what happened last time
Thank you Yan Ting
What? Nothing
What's your trouble?
I have good news for you. What news?
You're going to be a dad
Pardon me?
I'm pregnant.
If so
I won't disturb you two for now
Bless you first
Do you not want this child if you don't speak in court?
Don't worry, if you are really pregnant
I will be responsible for you.
Yingying come
This is your favorite
Thank you, Auntie, you have been with Yan Ting for so many years.
Finally got the hang of it
You're pregnant again now.
Yan Ting has given up on that woman Su Ran
Yan Ting, you are back.
Yingying and I will go to the hospital for examination